<Student ID: 90010>
<Country: GBR>
<Institution: Hogwarts School of Witchcraft & Wizardry>
<Course: ENGL 102>
<Mode: Stay-at-home>
<Length: 16 weeks>
<Assignment: PS>
<Draft: F>
<Year in School: 2>
<Gender: F>
<Course Year: 1993>
<Course Semester: Spring>
<College: House of Ravenclaw>
<Program: Care of Magcal Creatures>
<Proficiency Exam: NA>
<Exam total: NA>
<Exam reading: NA>
<Exam listening: NA>
<Exam speaking: NA>
<Exam writing: NA>
<Instructor: 9001>
<End Header>
The major concern in my paper was the developing of ideas. Finding the right quote in the reading is difficult as well. Also, citing the sources in the work cited paper is difficult. I think my strongest area now is the illustration because I got helpful feedback from Latanya Ptak I believe I managed to get better in my weak areas like finding examples, fixing grammar mistakes, and organizing my thoughts in the paper according to PIE. I am proud that we went through the idea of how to make a statement strong or weak by adding possibility and not absolute opinion. I find the writing/drafting process is helpful because I had the chance to correct my mistakes after feedback.
English 106
4/20/ 2017
Non-Native English Speakers As a Better Model of Teaching English
English is the most used language today. It succeeded in overcoming all other languages that once were dominant like Latin. English is the language of scientific study, trade, and communication over the world. It is true to say that "all countries in the world have English either as a first language, or a second language, or a privileged foreign language" (Crystal). According to Crystal, all countries have people who speak English at different levels. Also, Rohde says "More than 1 billion people are believed to speak some form of English. For every native speaker, there are three nonnative speakers" (Rohde). With this wide spreading of English everywhere as mentioned by Crystal and Rohde, there must be people who teach this highly demanded language to foreigners. Therefore, who is better at teaching this language, native speakers, or non-native speakers. Some may say that native English speakers are better at teaching English, but that may not be true. I think that Native English speakers are not necessarily the best teachers of English because they may not be intelligible, they do not have the skill of translation, they have cultural baggage, and they may not have the English that learners need.
Some of the native speakers might not be intelligible to student, and one of the main reasons that makes teachers unintelligible is when they have an accent. If learners don't understand what the teacher is saying, that will create a problem for the learning process. For example, I studied in an English institution in Miami, and the teacher was from Texas. She had an accent that caused many students to complain and say that they didn't understand her when she spoke. On the other hand, another teacher in the same institute was from Cuba, and he learned English when he was young. However, he was intelligible for most of the students, and his pronunciation was intelligible. Therefore, even though the first teacher was native speaker of English, it did not make her to be a better teacher than the latter one because students did not understand her. Additionally, students in an article done by Sung say that they don't understand some of Native speakers when they speak. Sung mentioned "Another student had a similar view about the difficulty in understanding native speaker accents: 'American accents are really difficult to understand. Sometimes, I have to read the subtitles when I am watching Hollywood movies'" (18). Therefore, not all native speakers of English are intelligible when they speak, and when teaching the language this will make a problem.
Native speakers of English are not necessarily the best teachers of it because they do not have some of the skills that would simplify the process of learning English as a second or foreign language. According to Graddol "and as teachers, native speakers may not possess some the skills required by bilingual speakers, such as those of translation and interpreting" (144). He emphasizes that people who learn English as a second language acquire the skills and techniques that will help a non-speaker of English to learn English. One of these advantages that native speakers of English do not have is the ability to translate for foreign learners. Graddol mentioned in the previous quote that translating and interpreting are skills that native speakers do not have, and these skills are important in teaching a language. For Example, when there are Arab students who want to learn English, an Arabic teacher will be good to teach them because he can translate difficult words to Arabic so they can understand. Similarly, when there is a difficult grammar rule that is unfamiliar to Arabic knowledge, the teacher can interpret that grammar and connect it to an Arabic grammar. This can also apply to Chinese students, Indian students, or any other students from different nationalities. Therefore, translating and interpreting are helpful abilities that can make teaching English easier which native speakers do not have.
Native speakers always come with cultural baggage that can be noticed in their way of speaking and in their way of teaching, if they were teachers. Graddol says "they may be seen as bringing with them cultural baggage in which learners wanting to use English primarily as an international language are not interested" (144). He meant by cultural baggage any Ideas that are taken from culture. These cultural ideas that affects one's speech, behavior, and style of teaching are not important for learners. Even though some non-English speakers or English learners believe that native English is the best model of English, one version of Native English does not exist because each native speaker will reflect his or her culture on his model of English. Therefore, native speakers have plenty of differences themselves. In some cases, American native speakers do not understand what a native British speaker is saying. There are words that can only be found in British English which none of other speakers can understand. For example, words like (Clapham Junction) are not familiar to natives who are not British because it is the name of a railway station in the south of London, and it's a term from their culture that describes a chaotic place. In addition, there are words that are used by Americans and not widely used by other native speakers of English. For instance, one day, my friends and I received our scores of a math test, and all of our scores were C. After seeing the bad grades, my American friend said, "These scores are the worst. We screwed that up." Once he said that, our British friend looked at me with a surprised look. I knew that he did not understand what "screw up" means, and then he told us that they don't use this term widely in Britain, so we explained it to him. Therefore, natives themselves might not understand each other because their models of English have changed to fit their culture.
The accent which native speakers have can sometimes be remote from what learners of English need because there is plenty of job opportunities that do not expect workers to speak perfect accent of native English. Some jobs require employees with English as a second language to create and discuss ideas together. In this case, they will need to speak English as a lingua franca, but they won't need to sound like a native speaker as long as they are speaking together. To illustrate this, my uncle works in a headquarter for a big company that provide phone plans. In his job, he must be fluent in English. However, most of the time he speaks English with Indian companies and Asian dealers or traders, so his accent is not even close to the native accent because he hardly needs to speak to a native speaker of English. Sung says "English now serves as a global lingua franca and is increasingly used by both native and non-native speakers as a means of intercultural communication." (17) Therefore, learners who need English to speak with non-native English speakers won't need to learn the native model of English.
The process of teaching English nowadays is getting better. Institution and companies are getting better at choosing the right people for the right positions. Native English teachers are good in particular places, but they are not the best in all situations. Non-native English speakers are now seen as a better model of teaching English. Even though native English speakers know the language very well because they were born with it, they may not be the best teachers of it. It is a wide exaggeration to say that every single native English speaker knows English grammars, English spellings, or English skills. Let alone the teaching skills that not all teachers have, including natives. Moreover, natives bring cultural understandings with them that make the process of learning hard for foreigners. Finally, learners of the language may not even need a native model of English if they are going to use it with non-native English speakers.
Work cited
Rohde, David. (1995). As English Spreads, Speakers Morph It Into World Tongue. The Christian Science Monitor. http://www.csmonitor.com/1995/0517/17013.html.
Graddol, David. (2006) English Next. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8x8Hym OD8Un Vn N2ZHBh VHd1OW8/view.
Crystal, David. (2013) World Englishes. British Council Serbia. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_q9b9Yq GRY&t=16s.
Chit Cheung Matthew Sung. (2013) 'I would like to sound like Heidi Klum': What do non-native speakers say about who they want to sound like?. English Today, 29, pp 17-21 doi:10.1017/S0266078413000102.
